All the data in a column must be of the same type.

SELECT STATEMENT

* Means all
SELECT indicates which column(s) you want to be given the data for.
FROM specifies from which table(s) you want to select the columns. Notice the columns need to exist in this table. 
LIMIT command is always the very last part of a query.Example of showing just the first 7 rows of the orders table with all of the columns might look like the following
ORDER BY sorts from smallest to largest or a'daz to z, put DESC at the end and reverses, and you can use like this also ORDER BY total_amt_usd DESC, account_id;
WHERE statement, we can display subsets of tables based on conditions that must be met. You can also think of the WHERE command as filtering the data.
DERIVERD COLUMN Creating a new column that is a combination of existing columns is known as a derived column (or "calculated" or "computed" column). 
Usually you want to give a name, or "alias," to your new column using the AS keyword. Arithmatic operator uses inner the SELECT Statement.
LOCIGAL OPERATORS
LIKE This allows you to perform operations similar to using WHERE and =, but for cases when you might not know exactly what you are looking for.
IN This allows you to perform operations similar to using WHERE and =, but for more than one condition.
NOT This is used with IN and LIKE to select all of the rows NOT LIKE or NOT IN a certain condition.
AND & BETWEEN These allow you to combine operations where all combined conditions must be true.
OR This allows you to combine operations where at least one of the combined conditions must be true.
LIKE operator is extremely useful for working with text. You will use LIKE within a WHERE clause.
LIKE operator is frequently used with '%......%' tells us that we might want any number of characters leading up to a particular set of characters 
or following a certain set of characters, as we saw with the google syntax above.
'c%' mean is start with c, '%s' mean is finish with s, '%one%' mean is include one word in the name.
** IN should use with WHERE
** +-*/ and AS(DERIVED COLUMN) should use with SELECT 

EXAMPLE         SELECT*
                   FROM orders  
                   WHERE name IN ('Walmart', 'Apple') 
This example doing is display, Select all column from orders table, name column, which is exist at Walmart and Apple...
                   
